Update build flags documentation (#4167)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/dev/agent_build.md

* `systemd`: enable systemd journal log collection
* `netcgo`: force the use of the CGO resolver. This will also have the effect of making the binary non-static
* `secrets`: enable secrets support in configuration files (see documentation [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/secrets-management))
* `clusterchecks`: enable cluster-level checks
* `cri` : add support for the CRI integration
* `containerd`: add support for the containerd integration

> * `kubeapiserver`: enable interaction with kubernetes apiserver (required by the cluster agent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `kubeapiserver`: enable interaction with Kubernetes API server (required by the cluster Agent)
```
